Wait the room is paid for take as much time as you need to get your stuff together seems like you got a lot on your plate
Does this mean you'll take my father's case?
What gave you that idea?
I
Well last night I we
Nothing happened last time
Trust me if we had done something you'd still be able to feel
We're turning you on this screen
I was interested in you. It threw yourself so cheaply at me last night. I owe you nothing
Aside from you being drunk and me taking off your dress so that you could sleep better
I didn't touch you last night. Yeah, you said you wanted to know how determined I was and I just showed you
So you just throw yourself at anyone for a favor